# PaymentsCreateResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**PaymentId** | **string** | Unique Identifier for the Payment. It is always recommended to provide this ID while creating a payment. If the identifiers in not provided in the Payment Request, this filed shall be auto generated and provide in the API response. It is suggested to keep the payment_id length as a maximum of 30 alphanumeric characters irrespective of payment methods and gateways. Sequential and only numeric characters are not recommended.  | [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | The status of the payment | [default to null]
**Amount** | **int32** | The payment amount. Amount for the payment in lowest denomination of the currency. (i.e) in cents for USD denomination, in paisa for INR denomination etc.,  | [default to null]
**Currency** | **string** | The three-letter ISO currency code  | [default to null]
**CancellationReason** | **string** | The reason for cancelling the payment | [optional] [default to null]
**CaptureMethod** | **string** | This is the instruction for capture/ debit the money from the users&#x27; card. On the other hand authorization refers to blocking the amount on the users&#x27; payment method. Capture request may happen in three types: (1) AUTOMATIC: Post the payment authorization, the capture will be executed on the full amount immediately, (2) MANUAL: The capture will happen only if the merchant triggers a Capture API request, (3) SCHEDULED: The capture can be scheduled to automatically get triggered at a specific date &amp; time | [optional] [default to CAPTURE_METHOD.AUTOMATIC]
**CaptureOn** | [***AllOfPaymentsCreateResponseCaptureOn**](AllOfPaymentsCreateResponseCaptureOn.md) | A timestamp (ISO 8601 code) that determines when the payment should be captured. Providing this field will automatically set &#x60;capture&#x60; to true  | [optional] [default to null]
**AmountToCapture** | **int32** | The Amount to be captured/ debited from the users payment method. It shall be in lowest denomination of the currency. (i.e) in cents for USD denomination, in paisa for INR denomination etc., If not provided, the default amount_to_capture will be the payment amount.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AmountCapturable** | **int32** | The maximum amount that could be captured from the payment | [optional] [default to null]
**AmountReceived** | **int32** | The amount which is already captured from the payment | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerId** | **string** | The identifier for the customer object. If not provided the customer ID will be autogenerated. | [optional] [default to null]
**Email** | **string** | The customer&#x27;s email address | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | The customer&#x27;s name | [optional] [default to null]
**Phone** | **string** | The customer&#x27;s phone number | [optional] [default to null]
**PhoneCountryCode** | **string** | The country code for the customer phone number | [optional] [default to null]
**ClientSecret** | **string** | This is a 15 minute expiry token which shall be used from the client to authenticate and perform sessions from the SDK | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | A description of the payment | [optional] [default to null]
**SetupFutureUsage** | **string** | Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this Payment’s payment method. Providing this parameter will attach the payment method to the Customer, if present, after the Payment is confirmed and any required actions from the user are complete. | [optional] [default to null]
**OffSession** | **bool** | Set to true to indicate that the customer is not in your checkout flow during this payment, and therefore is unable to authenticate. This parameter is intended for scenarios where you collect card details and charge them later. This parameter can only be used with confirm&#x3D;true. | [optional] [default to null]
**MandateId** | **string** | ID of the mandate used for this payment. This parameter can only be used with confirm &#x3D; true. This parameter should be passed for Merchant Initiated Transaction scenarios where the user has already registered for a mandate and raw payment method details are not passed | [default to null]
**MandateData** | [***PaymentsCreateRequestMandateData**](PaymentsCreateRequest_mandate_data.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationType** | **string** | The transaction authentication can be set to undergo payer authentication. Possible values are: (i) THREE_DS: If the card is enrolled for 3DS authentication, the 3DS based authentication will be activated. The liability of chargeback shift to the issuer, (ii) NO_THREE_DS: 3DS based authentication will not be activated. The liability of chargeback stays with the merchant. By default, the authentication will be marked as NO_THREE_DS | [optional] [default to AUTHENTICATION_TYPE.NO_THREE_DS]
**Billing** | [***Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Shipping** | [***Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**StatementDescriptorName** | **string** | For non-card charges, you can use this value as the complete description that appears on your customers’ statements. Must contain at least one letter, maximum 22 characters. | [optional] [default to null]
**StatementDescriptorSuffix** | **string** | Provides information about a card payment that customers see on their statements. Concatenated with the prefix (shortened descriptor) or statement descriptor that’s set on the account to form the complete statement descriptor. Maximum 22 characters for the concatenated descriptor. | [optional] [default to null]
**NextAction** | [***NextAction**](NextAction.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Metadata** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) | You can specify up to 50 keys, with key names up to 40 characters long and values up to 500 characters long. Metadata is useful for storing additional, structured information on an object. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

