# PaymentsUpdateRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Amount** | **int32** | The payment amount. Amount for the payment in lowest denomination of the currency. (i.e) in cents for USD denomination, in paisa for INR denomination etc.,  | [optional] [default to null]
**Currency** | **string** | The three-letter ISO currency code  | [optional] [default to null]
**CaptureMethod** | **string** | This is the instruction for capture/ debit the money from the users&#x27; card. On the other hand authorization refers to blocking the amount on the users&#x27; payment method. Capture request may happen in three types: (1) AUTOMATIC: Post the payment authorization, the capture will be executed on the full amount immediately, (2) MANUAL: The capture will happen only if the merchant triggers a Capture API request, (3) SCHEDULED: The capture can be scheduled to automatically get triggered at a specific date &amp; time | [optional] [default to CAPTURE_METHOD.AUTOMATIC]
**CaptureOn** | [***AllOfPaymentsUpdateRequestCaptureOn**](AllOfPaymentsUpdateRequestCaptureOn.md) | A timestamp (ISO 8601 code) that determines when the payment should be captured. Providing this field will automatically set &#x60;capture&#x60; to true  | [optional] [default to null]
**AmountToCapture** | **int32** | The Amount to be captured/ debited from the users payment method. It shall be in lowest denomination of the currency. (i.e) in cents for USD denomination, in paisa for INR denomination etc., If not provided, the default amount_to_capture will be the payment amount.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerId** | **string** | The identifier for the customer object. If not provided the customer ID will be autogenerated. | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | A description of the payment | [optional] [default to null]
**Email** | **string** | The customer&#x27;s email address | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | The customer&#x27;s name | [optional] [default to null]
**Phone** | **string** | The customer&#x27;s phone number | [optional] [default to null]
**PhoneCountryCode** | **string** | The country code for the customer phone number | [optional] [default to null]
**SetupFutureUsage** | **string** | Indicates that you intend to make future payments with this Payment’s payment method. Possible values are: (i) REQUIRED: The payment will be processed only with payment methods eligible for recurring payments (ii) OPTIONAL: The payment may/ may not be processed with payment methods eligible for recurring payments | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationType** | **string** | The transaction authentication can be set to undergo payer authentication. Possible values are: (i) THREE_DS: If the card is enrolled for 3DS authentication, the 3DS based authentication will be activated. The liability of chargeback shift to the issuer, (ii) NO_THREE_DS: 3DS based authentication will not be activated. The liability of chargeback stays with the merchant. By default, the authentication will be marked as NO_THREE_DS | [optional] [default to AUTHENTICATION_TYPE.NO_THREE_DS]
**PaymentMethod** | **string** | The payment method | [optional] [default to three_ds]
**PaymentMethodData** | [***OneOfPaymentsUpdateRequestPaymentMethodData**](OneOfPaymentsUpdateRequestPaymentMethodData.md) | The payment method information | [optional] [default to null]
**SavePaymentMethod** | **bool** | Enable this flag as true, if the user has consented for saving the payment method information | [optional] [default to false]
**Billing** | [***Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Shipping** | [***Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**StatementDescriptorName** | **string** | For non-card charges, you can use this value as the complete description that appears on your customers’ statements. Must contain at least one letter, maximum 22 characters. | [optional] [default to null]
**StatementDescriptorSuffix** | **string** | Provides information about a card payment that customers see on their statements. Concatenated with the prefix (shortened descriptor) or statement descriptor that’s set on the account to form the complete statement descriptor. Maximum 22 characters for the concatenated descriptor. | [optional] [default to null]
**Metadata** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) | You can specify up to 50 keys, with key names up to 40 characters long and values up to 500 characters long. Metadata is useful for storing additional, structured information on an object. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

